Document that `AnnotationSupport.isAnnotated()` does not find repeatable annotations (#4243)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/extensions.adoc

These include methods to check whether an element is annotated or meta-annotated with a
particular annotation, to search for specific annotations, and to find annotated methods
and fields in a class or interface. Some of these methods search on implemented
interfaces and within class hierarchies to find annotations.

> **Note:** `isAnnotated` method does not find repeatable annotations. To check for repeatable annotations,

Reviewer: AsciiDoc has a special [admonition](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/blocks/admonitions/) block for such notes that we should use here.

```suggestion
NOTE: The `isAnnotated` method does not find repeatable annotations. To check for repeatable annotations,
```

Reviewer 2: > The `isAnnotated` method does not...

--> The `isAnnotated()` methods do not...

Author: Done in https://github.com/junit-team/junit5/pull/4243/commits/1595ccb62366c7ad2b10ce3fdc539fce625010a8 !

> use the `findRepeatableAnnotations` method and verify that the returned list is not empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use one of the `findRepeatableAnnotations()` methods and verify that the returned list is not empty.
```

> Consult the Javadoc for `{AnnotationSupport}` for further details.

Reviewer: I'd leave that sentence with the paragraph preceding the above note.

Reviewer 2: I agree with Marc.

Reviewer: @YongGoose Could you please move it up again?

Author: @marcphilipp 

It seems that this code reflects a previous commit. 
At the latest commit, it appears that changes have already been made!

If I have misunderstood, I sincerely apologize. 🙇‍♂️

Reviewer 2: Marc means that the "Consult the Javadoc for `{AnnotationSupport}` for further details." sentence should be moved back to where it originally was.

Author: Got it!

Apologize for my poor English skills 😅

Author: Done it https://github.com/junit-team/junit5/commit/bda5b1ac90a3eaaa359d041853eff77d26555760 !
